[Doc] Update sr_operator.md (#55051)
StarRocks/starrocks: docs/en/deployment/sr_operator.md

### Scale StarRocks cluster

> The following takes scaling out the BE and FE clusters as examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Scale out BE cluster

> Run the following command to scale in and out out the BE cluster to 9 nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to scale the BE cluster to 9 nodes:
```

```bash
kubectl -n starrocks patch starrockscluster starrockscluster-sample --type='merge' -p '{"spec":{"starRocksBeSpec":{"replicas":9}}}'
```

### Scale in BE cluster

> When scaling in BE nodes, you need to scale them one by one, each at a time, and wait for the tablet on the BE to be re-distributed before proceeding. If there are tables with single replications, taking a BE node offline may cause data loss if the tablets fail to be redistributed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When scaling in BE nodes, you need to scale them one at a time, and wait for the tablets on the BEs to be re-distributed before proceeding. If there are tables with single replicas, taking a BE node offline may cause data loss if the tablets fail to be redistributed.
```
